[IMP] helpdesk: update aftersales services (#3643)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/services/helpdesk/advanced/after_sales.rst

   :align: center
   :alt: View of a Helpdesk ticket with the Return button highlighted.

.. note::
   The :guilabel:`Return` button will only appear on a ticket if the customer selected has recorded
   deliveries in the database.

By default, the quantity will match the validated quantity from the delivery order. Update the
quantity field if necessary.

.. image:: after_sales/after-sales-reverse-transfer.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of a Reverse Transfer creation page.

Click :guilabel:`Return` to confirm the return. This generates a new warehouse operation for the
incoming returned product(s). A :guilabel:`Return` smart button will then be added to the top of
the Helpdesk ticket.

.. image:: after_sales/after-sales-return-smart-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the smart buttons on a ticket focusing on returns.

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`/applications/sales/sales/products_prices/returns`

Send products for repair from a ticket
======================================

If the :guilabel:`Helpdesk` ticket is reporting an issue caused by a faulty or broken product, a
repair order can be created directly from the ticket. To create a new repair order, click

> :guilabel:`Repair`.

Reviewer: What app is needed for this?

.. image:: after_sales/after-sales-repair-reference.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of a Repair Reference page.

> If a product was specified in the :guilabel:`Product` field on the ticket, it will be automatically
> added to the :guilabel:`Product to Repair` field on the newly created *Repair Reference*. If
> applicable, add the :guilabel:`Sale Order` and :guilabel:`Return` from which the faulty product
> originates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a product was specified in the :guilabel:`Product` field on the ticket, it will be automatically
added to the :guilabel:`Product to Repair` field on the newly created :guilabel:`Repair Reference`. If
applicable, add the :guilabel:`Sale Order` and :guilabel:`Return Order` from which the faulty product
originates.
```

Select the :guilabel:`Invoice Method`. If the customer will not be charged for this repair, this
field can be left unchanged.

If parts are required for the repair, they can be added in the :guilabel:`Parts` tab. Services can
be added as product lines on the :guilabel:`Operations` tab. Additional information for the repair
team can be added to the :guilabel:`Repair Notes`.

> 

Reviewer: What about the Quotation Notes tab?

.. image:: after_sales/after-sales-repair-tabs.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: View of the tabs on a Repair Reference page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: View of the tabs on a repair reference page.
```

> A smart button will be added to the Helpdesk ticket, linking to the repair order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A :guilabel:`smart button` will be added to the :menuselection:`Helpdesk` :guilabel:`ticket`, linking to the :guilabel:`repair order`.
```

.. image:: after_sales/after-sales-repair-smart-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of smart buttons focusing on repair button.

.. note::

>    If a user creates a repair order from a Helpdesk ticket, they will be able to access
>    it through the ticket's smart button, or from the link in the chatter, even if they do not have
>    access rights to the :guilabel:`Repair` application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If a user creates a :guilabel:`repair order` from a :menuselection:`Helpdesk` :guilabel`ticket`, they will be able to access
   it through the ticket's :guilabel:`smart button`, or from the link in the :guilabel:`chatter`, even if they do not have
   access rights to the :menuselection:`Repair` application.
```

Create a field service task from a ticket
=========================================

> On-site interventions can be planned from a ticket and managed through the :guilabel:`Field Service`
> application. Customers with portal access will be able to track the progress of a Field Service
> task just as they would a :guilabel:`Helpdesk` ticket.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On-site interventions can be planned from a :guilabel:`ticket` and managed through the :menuselection:`Field Service`
application. Customers with portal access will be able to track the progress of a :guilabel:`Field Service
task` just as they would a :menuselection:`Helpdesk` :guilabel:`ticket`.

```

> To create a new task, go to a :guilabel:`Helpdesk` ticket and click :guilabel:`Create Task`. Confirm
> the :guilabel:`Field Service Project` and :guilabel:`Worksheet Template`, then click
> :guilabel:`Create Task`. A new task will be created within the designated :guilabel:`Field Service`
> project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new task, go to a :menuselection:`Helpdesk` :guilabel:`ticket` and click :guilabel:`Create Task`. Confirm
the :guilabel:`Field Service Project` and :guilabel:`Worksheet Template`, then click
:guilabel:`Create Task`. A new task will be created within the designated :guilabel:`Field Service`
project.
```

.. image:: after_sales/after-sales-field-service-create.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: View of a Field Service creation page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: View of a field service creation page.
```
Could use markup on the screenshot

> A :guilabel:`Sales Order Item` can be added at this time, if one was not identified on the original
> ticket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A :guilabel:`Sales Order Item` on the :menuselection:`Helpdesk` :guilabel:`ticket` can be added at this time, if one was not identified on the original
ticket.
```

.. important::
   The :guilabel:`Sales Order Item` is used to determine where time spent on this task will be
   invoiced. Removing the :guilabel:`Sales Order Item` makes the task non-billable.

> A smart button will be added to the Helpdesk ticket, linking the :guilabel:`Field Service` task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A :guilabel:`smart button` will be added to the :menuselection:`Helpdesk` :guilabel:`ticket`, linking the :guilabel:`Field Service` task.
```

====================
After-Sales services
====================

*After-Sales* services can be configured in the *Helpdesk* application for individual *teams*. Once
enabled, users can issue refunds, process returns, generate coupons, and/or schedule repair and
field service interventions directly from a ticket.

Set up the after-sales services
===============================

Go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk --> Configuration --> Teams` to select a :guilabel:`Team`. Scroll to

> the :guilabel:`After-Sales` section and choose which of the following options to enable:

Author: I capitalized 'After-Sales' in the first sentence "Start by enabling After-Sales services..." for consistencies sake (that is how it is on the UI and in the rest of the doc), but otherwise I am ok with this change 👍

.. image:: after_sales/after-sales-repair-reference.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of a repair reference page.

.. note::
   If a product was specified in the :guilabel:`Product` field on the ticket, it will be added to
   the :guilabel:`Product to Repair` field automatically. If not, click into the field to select a
   product from the drop down.

Fill out the :guilabel:`Repair Description` field with a brief explanation of the issue. Click the
:guilabel:`Sale Order` field and select the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` from which the product that is
being repaired originated from. If a *Return* has been initiated for the product, select it from the
drop-down in the :guilabel:`Return` field.

Choose an :guilabel:`Invoice Method` from the drop-down. Select :guilabel:`Before Repair` or
:guilabel:`After Repair` to generate an invoice before or after the work is completed. Selecting
:guilabel:`No Invoice` means that an invoice cannot be generated for this service.

If parts are required for the repair, they can be added in the :guilabel:`Parts` tab. Services can
be added as product lines on the :guilabel:`Operations` tab. Additional information for the internal

> repair team can be added to the :guilabel:`Repair Notes` tab. Information for the customer can be be

Reviewer 2: 🐝 
```suggestion
repair team can be added to the :guilabel:`Repair Notes` tab. Information for the customer can be
```

added to the :guilabel:`Quotation Notes` tab, and will be automatically added to the PDF of the
quotations generated from this :guilabel:`Repair Reference`.

> A :guilabel:`Repairs` smart button will be added to the ticket, linking to the repair order.

Reviewer 2: There's a break in the logic of how and why the smart button is added because of the supplemental block that precedes this sentence, so I would reiterate quickly what we just did, or what prompts the smart button to appear.

.. image:: after_sales/after-sales-repair-smart-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of smart buttons focusing on repair button.

.. note::
   Once a user creates a repair order from a *Helpdesk* ticket, they will be able to access it
   through the ticket's :guilabel:`Repair` smart button, or from a link in the :guilabel:`Chatter`,
   even if they do not have access rights to the *Repair* application.

Create a field service task from a ticket
=========================================

On-site interventions can be planned from a ticket and managed through the *Field Service*

> application. Customers with portal access will be able to track the progress of a :guilabel:`Field

Reviewer 2: would link [portal access](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/16.0/applications/general/users/portal.html?highlight=portal) doc here

Service` task just as they would a *Helpdesk* ticket.

To create a new task, navigate to a :menuselection:`Helpdesk` ticket. Click :guilabel:`Create Task`
to open the :guilabel:`Create a Field Service task` pop-up. Confirm or update the task
:guilabel:`Title`.

.. note::
   The :guilabel:`Project` field on the :guilabel:`Create a Field Service task` pop-up will default
   to the same Field Service project that was identified on the team's settings page. To change the
   project for this specific task, select one from the :guilabel:`Project` field.

   To change the default Field Service project for the team, go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk -->
   Configuration --> Teams` to select a :guilabel:`Team`. Scroll to the :guilabel:`After-Sales`

>    section and choose new project under :guilabel:`Field Service`.

Reviewer 2: should Field Service be italicized since it's an app name?

Author: yes, there is sometimes confusion because the project itself is also by default called "Field Service" so italicizing it will (hopefully) make it clearer 👍

Click :guilabel:`Create Task` or :guilabel:`Create & View Task`.

.. image:: after_sales/after-sales-field-service-create.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of a Field Service task creation page.

A :guilabel:`Tasks` smart button will be added to the ticket, linking the :guilabel:`Field Service`

> task.

Reviewer 2: Again, connect the logic:
"after the task is created..."

ticket.

.. image:: after_sales/after-sales-return-smart-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the return smart button on a helpdesk ticket.

.. seealso::
   :doc:`/applications/sales/sales/products_prices/returns`

Send products for repair from a ticket
======================================

If the ticket is related to an issue with a faulty or broken product, a repair order can be created
from the *Helpdesk* ticket, and managed through the *Repairs* application.

To create a new repair order, open a :menuselection:`Helpdesk` ticket and click on the
:guilabel:`Repair` button in the upper left corner.

Clicking the :guilabel:`Repair` button opens a blank :guilabel:`Repair Reference` form.

.. image:: after_sales/after-sales-repair-reference.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of a repair reference page.

.. note::
   If a product was specified in the :guilabel:`Product` field on the ticket, it will be added to
   the :guilabel:`Product to Repair` field automatically. If not, click into the field to select a
   product from the drop down.

Fill out the :guilabel:`Repair Description` field with a brief explanation of the issue. Click the

> :guilabel:`Sale Order` field and select the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` from which the product that is
> being repaired originated from. If a return has been initiated for the product, select the reference

Reviewer 2: Small change here (wordiness)
```suggestion
:guilabel:`Sale Order` field and then select the originating :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` from which the
product is being repaired from. If a return has been initiated for the product, select the reference
```

====================

> After-Sales services

Author: Normally, I would agree with you, however, on the UI it is listed as 'After-Sales', so I wanted to keep consistent with that.

> After-Sales services

Reviewer 2: Sure. We can keep it that way then 👍

====================

*After-Sales* services can be configured in the :guilabel:`Helpdesk` application within an
individual :guilabel:`Team`. Once enabled, users can issue refunds, process returns, generate
coupons, and/or schedule repairs and field service interventions directly from a ticket.

Set up the After-Sales services
===============================

Go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk --> Configuration --> Teams` to select a :guilabel:`Team`. Scroll to
the :guilabel:`After-Sales` section and choose which of the following options to enable:

- :guilabel:`Refunds`: Issues credit notes to refund a customer, or adjust the remaining amount due.
- :guilabel:`Coupons`: Offers discounts and free products through an existing coupon program.
- :guilabel:`Returns`: Initiates a product return from a customer through a reverse transfer.
- :guilabel:`Repairs`: Creates repair orders for broken or faulty products.
- :guilabel:`Field Service`: Plans onsite intervention through the Field Service application.

> .. image:: after_sales/after-sales-enable.png

Author: Sam helped me out, I was able to add the figure caption 👍

   :align: center
   :alt: View of a team's settings page with a focus on the after-sales services.

.. warning::
   As all of the After-Sales services require integration with other applications, enabling any of
   them may result in the installation of additional modules or applications. *Installing a new
   application on a One-App-Free database will trigger a 15-day trial. At the end of the trial, if a
   paid subscription has not been added to the database, it will no longer be accessible.*

Issue a refund with a credit note
=================================

A *credit note* is a document issued to a customer informing them that they have been credited a
certain amount of money. They can be used to provide a full refund to a customer, or to adjust any
remaining amount due. While they are usually created through the :menuselection:`Accounting` or
:menuselection:`Invoicing` applications, they can be created through a :menuselection:`Helpdesk`

> :guilabel:`Ticket`.

Author: On second look, no formatting for ticket is needed here. As a rule, I italicize 'ticket' when I am introducing the concept. Otherwise, I leave it alone. I only use a guilabel when I am referring to a specific ticket, or when clicking on a ticket is part of a process/flow.

> :guilabel:`Ticket`.

Reviewer 2: >  I only use a guilabel when I am referring to a specific ticket, or when clicking on a ticket is part of a process/flow.

Re: [RST cheat sheet](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/16.0/contributing/documentation/rst_cheat_sheet.html#gui-element)
> Use the `guilabel` markup to identify any text of the interactive user interface (e.g., button labels, view titles, field names, lists items, …).

Since ticket is not the _text_ name of a heading, field, label, etc, it doesn't get capitalized or a guilabel.

.. note::
   Invoices must be posted before a credit note can be generated.

> To create a credit note from a :menuselection:`Helpdesk` :guilabel:`Ticket`, click on the
> :guilabel:`Refund` button in the upper left corner. Select the corresponding invoice from the
> :guilabel:`Invoices to Refund` drop-down.

Reviewer 2: This can be rewritten to justify the tags more clearly
- is **Ticket** the name of a heading, label, field, value...etc?
- upper left --> upper-left (hyphenated, since it's it's modifying a noun)
- drop-down --> drop-down menu (otherwise the hyphen doesn't make sense and "drop down" is incorrect)

```suggestion
Create a credit note by navigating into a ticket on the :menuselection:`Helpdesk` application, and
clicking the :guilabel:`Refund` button in the upper-left corner of the ticket dashboard. Then,
select the corresponding invoice from the :guilabel:`Invoices to Refund` drop-down menu.
```

.. image:: after_sales/after-sales-refund-details.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of a refund creation page.

Choose a :guilabel:`Credit Method` from one of the following options:

- :guilabel:`Partial Refund`: The credit note is created in draft and can be edited before being
  issued.
- :guilabel:`Full Refund`: The credit note is auto-validated and reconciled with the invoice. *This
  is the option to choose if a validated invoice needs to be canceled*.
- :guilabel:`Full refund and new draft invoice`: The credit note is auto-validated and reconciled
  with the invoice. The original invoice is duplicated as a new draft. *This is the option to choose

>   if a validated invoice needs to be modified.*

Reviewer 2: nice use of italics to help the reader understand their options 👍 
same formatting as earlier comment: lowercase after colon and no periods on list items

.. important::

>    The :guilabel:`Credit Method` options will *not* be available for invoices that have already been

Reviewer 2: nitpick, would use **bold** on _not_  but honestly it's a stylistic choice 😉

   paid.

Make any necessary changes to the details of the credit note and click :guilabel:`Reverse.` Then
click :guilabel:`Confirm` to post the credit note.

> .. image:: after_sales/after-sales-draft-credit.png

Reviewer 2: Don't need this.
**Confirm** button is standard item on most dashboards and is hard to miss since it's big and green, like Shrek

   :align: center
   :alt: View of a draft credit note.

Once the credit note has been posted, a :guilabel:`Credit Notes` smart button will be added to the

> :menuselection:`Helpdesk` :guilabel:`Ticket`.

Reviewer 2: ticket

> .. image:: after_sales/after-sales-credit-note-smart-button.png

Reviewer 2: noticing a pattern here
image names do not need the title the doc as a prefix
(although tbh it's not a bad idea 🤔)

   :align: center
   :alt: View of smart buttons on a ticket focusing on the credit note button.

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`/applications/finance/accounting/receivables/customer_invoices/credit_notes`

Generate coupons from a ticket
==============================

Coupons can be used to alter the price of products or orders. The usage constraints of a coupon are
defined by conditional rules. *Coupon Programs* are configured in the :menuselection:`Sales` or
:menuselection:`Website` applications.

.. note::
   The :menuselection:`eCommerce` module must be installed in order to create coupon codes from the

>    :menuselection:`Website` application.

Reviewer 2: menuselections --> italics
we're not actively instructing users to go here (it's a hypothetical "if")

> .. image:: after_sales/after-sales-coupon-setup.png

Reviewer 2: don't think we need this image as there's no specific part we're highlighting here and no surrounding context for the dashboard/form.

   :align: center
   :alt: View of a coupon program configuration page.

To generate a coupon, open a :menuselection:`Helpdesk` :guilabel:`Ticket` and click on the
:guilabel:`Coupon` button in the upper left corner. Select an option from the :guilabel:`Coupon

> Program` drop-down menu. Click :guilabel:`Generate`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Program` drop-down menu, then click :guilabel:`Generate`.
```

.. image:: after_sales/after-sales-generate-coupon.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of a coupon generation window.

The :guilabel:`Coupon Code` can be copied directly from the pop-up window (by clicking the
:guilabel:`Copy` button), or sent in an email by clicking :guilabel:`Send`.

> .. note::
>    All followers of the :guilabel:`Ticket` will be added as recipients to the email. Additional
>    recipients can be added to the email as well.

Reviewer 2: Specificity
```suggestion
.. note::
   When emailing a coupon code, all the followers of the ticket will be added as recipients to the
   email. Additional recipients can be added to the email as well, inside the
   :guilabel:`Recipients` field of the :guilabel:`Compose Email` pop-up window.
```

   .. image:: after_sales/after-sales-coupon-email.png
      :align: center
      :alt: View of an email draft window with coupon code.

Once a :guilabel:`Coupon Code` has been generated, a :guilabel:`Coupons` smart button will be added
to the top of the :menuselection:`Helpdesk` :guilabel:`Ticket`. Click here to view the coupon code,

> expiration date, and additional information.

Reviewer 2: check tag formatting in this entire paragraph
can we reword this as a clearer instruction to "click X" instead of implied "click here"?

.. image:: after_sales/after-sales-coupon-smart-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the smart buttons on a ticket focusing on the coupon button.

.. seealso::
   `After-Sales Features <https://www.odoo.com/slides/slide/after-sales-features-1699>`_

Facilitate a product return with a reverse transfer
===================================================

Returns are completed through *reverse transfers*, which generate new warehouse operations for the

> returning products. Click the :guilabel:`Return` button at the top left of a :guilabel:`Ticket` to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
returning products. Click the :guilabel:`Return` button in the top-left corner ticket to
```

open the :guilabel:`Reverse Transfer` pop-up window.

.. image:: after_sales/after-sales-return-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of a Helpdesk ticket with the return button highlighted.

.. note::
   The :guilabel:`Return` button will only appear on a :guilabel:`Ticket` if the customer selected
   has recorded deliveries in the database.

By default, the quantity will match the validated quantity from the delivery order. Update the

> :guilabel:`Quantity` field if necessary.

Reviewer 2: might be better as a **note**

Author: I thought the same at first. However, since there is already a note in that section, it seems cluttered. Plus, this section is pretty light on instructions (because there really are only two things to do-change the quantity and click return), so i would rather leave it as a step.

> .. image:: after_sales/after-sales-reverse-transfer.png

Reviewer 2: maybe highlight the line item?

   :align: center
   :alt: View of a reverse transfer creation page.

Click :guilabel:`Return` to confirm the return. This generates a new warehouse operation for the
incoming returned product(s). A :guilabel:`Returns` smart button will then be added to the top of
the :menuselection:`Helpdesk` :guilabel:`Ticket`.

.. image:: after_sales/after-sales-return-smart-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the return smart button on a helpdesk ticket.

.. seealso::
   :doc:`/applications/sales/sales/products_prices/returns`

Send products for repair from a ticket
======================================

If the :guilabel:`Ticket` is related to an issue with a faulty or broken product, a repair order
can be created from the :menuselection:`Helpdesk`, and managed through the :menuselection:`Repair`

> application.

Reviewer 2: line break on line 163
don't need RST tags here anyway...

> To create a new repair order, click :guilabel:`Repair`.

Reviewer 2: click **Repair**, where?
(We're in a new section, where are we?)

> .. image:: after_sales/after-sales-repair-reference.png

Reviewer 2: I'd highlight:
- Repair Description
- Sale Order
- Return
- Invoice Method

   :align: center
   :alt: View of a repair reference page.

If a product was specified in the :guilabel:`Product` field on the ticket, it will be automatically

> added to the :guilabel:`Product to Repair` field on the newly created :guilabel:`Repair Reference`.

Reviewer 2: justify the tag: what is a **Repair Reference**? 
A form, a pop-up window, a form heading...? 🤔

> If applicable, add the :guilabel:`Sale Order` and :guilabel:`Return Order` from which the faulty

Reviewer 2: Not clear where we are...where do these values get added?
What are **Sales Order** and **Return Order** in this context?
What do those values look like, i.e. sales order titles or ref numbers?
Does the form actually say **Return Order**?

Author: The field is labeled `Return`, but if you hover over it, the field help says `Return Order from which the product to be repaired comes from.` which is what I was trying to mimic. However, I spoke to Brandon, and he confirmed that is not a term used pretty much anywhere else, so I changed it to `Return` 😁

product originates.

Select the :guilabel:`Invoice Method`. If the customer will not be charged for this repair, this

> field can be left unchanged.

Reviewer 2: Why do we select this? What are our options and what do they mean?

If parts are required for the repair, they can be added in the :guilabel:`Parts` tab. Services can
be added as product lines on the :guilabel:`Operations` tab. Additional information for the internal

> repair team can be added to the :guilabel:`Repair Notes` tab. Information for the customer can
> be added to the :guilabel:`Quotation Notes` tab, and will be automatically added to the PDF of the

Reviewer 2: line break
```suggestion
repair team can be added to the :guilabel:`Repair Notes` tab. Information for the customer can be
added to the :guilabel:`Quotation Notes` tab, and will be automatically added to the PDF of the
```

quotations generated from this :guilabel:`Repair Reference`.

> .. image:: after_sales/after-sales-repair-tabs.png

Reviewer 2: might not need this since users can see/read the tabs right there on the form (it's obvious)
the line item there doesn't communicate much I think?

   :align: center
   :alt: View of the tabs on a repair reference page.

A :guilabel:`Repairs` smart button will be added to the :menuselection:`Helpdesk`

> :guilabel:`Ticket`, linking to the repair order.

Reviewer 2: formatting

.. image:: after_sales/after-sales-repair-smart-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of smart buttons focusing on repair button.

.. note::
   If a user creates a repair order from a :menuselection:`Helpdesk` :guilabel:`Ticket`, they will
   be able to access it through the ticket's :guilabel:`Repairs` smart button, or from the link in
   the :guilabel:`Chatter`, even if they do not have access rights to the :menuselection:`Repair`

>    application.

Reviewer 2: Tag formatting
Where does the smart button show up? On the user's portal?

Create a field service task from a ticket
=========================================

On-site interventions can be planned from a :guilabel:`Ticket` and managed through the
:menuselection:`Field Service` application. Customers with portal access will be able to track the
progress of a :guilabel:`Field Service` task just as they would a :menuselection:`Helpdesk`
:guilabel:`Ticket`.

To create a new task, go to a :menuselection:`Helpdesk` :guilabel:`Ticket` and click
:guilabel:`Create Task`. Confirm the :guilabel:`Field Service Project` and :guilabel:`Worksheet
Template`, then click :guilabel:`Create Task`. A new task will be created within the designated

> :guilabel:`Field Service` project.

Reviewer 2: tag formatting
what are **Field Service Project** and **Worksheet**, exactly?
(hint: when I look at the _pop-up window_ labeled **Create a Field Service task**,  this is not what those _form labels_ say)

Author: Updated 👍 I changed out the screenshot and removed the mention of `Worksheet templates` because after confirming in runbot and my demo database, that is actually not a default configuration. I'd rather not go too deep into explaining Field Service configurations (especially since the worksheet templates are not particularly relevant to this process )

.. image:: after_sales/after-sales-field-service-create.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of a Field Service creation page.

> A :guilabel:`Sales Order Item` on the :menuselection:`Helpdesk` :guilabel:`Ticket` can be added at

Reviewer 2: Is **Sales Order Item** the name of a field, label, heading...?
Where is it located. A tab on the ticket? What tab?

Author: Again, removing this section as it veers too much into `field service` configuration instead of helpdesk.

this time, if one was not identified on the original ticket.

.. important::
   The :guilabel:`Sales Order Item` is used to determine where time spent on this task will be

>    invoiced. Removing the :guilabel:`Sales Order Item` makes the task non-billable.

Reviewer 2: check formatting

A :guilabel:`Tasks` smart button will be added to the :menuselection:`Helpdesk` :guilabel:`Ticket`,

> linking the :guilabel:`Field Service` task.

Reviewer 2: check formatting

   The :guilabel:`Return` button will only appear on a ticket if the customer selected has recorded
   deliveries in the database.

By default, the quantity will match the validated quantity from the delivery order. Update the
quantity field if necessary.

.. image:: after_sales/aftersales_reversetransfer.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of a Reverse Transfer creation page

Click :guilabel:`Return` to confirm the return. This generates a new warehouse operation for the
incoming returned product(s). A :guilabel:`Return` smart button will then be added to the top of
the Helpdesk ticket.

.. image:: after_sales/aftersales_return_smartbutton.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the smart buttons on a ticket focusing on returns

Send products for repair from a ticket
======================================

If the issue is caused by a faulty or broken product, a repair order can be created directly from
the ticket. To create a new repair order, click :guilabel:`Repair`.

.. image:: after_sales/aftersales_repairreference.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of a Repair Reference page

If a product was specified in the :guilabel:`Product` field on the ticket, it will be automatically

> added to the :guilabel:`Product to Repair` field on the newly created **Repair Reference**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
added to the :guilabel:`Product to Repair` field on the newly created *Repair Reference*.
```

If applicable, add the :guilabel:`Sale Order` and :guilabel:`Return` from which the faulty product
originates.

Select the :guilabel:`Invoice Method`. If the customer will not be charged for this repair, this
field can be left unchanged.

If parts are required for the repair, they can be added in the :guilabel:`Parts` tab. Services can
be added as product lines on the :guilabel:`Operations` tab. Additional information for the repair
team can be added to the :guilabel:`Repair Notes`.

.. image:: after_sales/aftersales_repair_tabs.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the tabs on a Repair Reference page

A smart button will be added to the Helpdesk ticket, linking to the repair order.

.. image:: after_sales/aftersales_repair_smartbutton.png
      :align: center
      :alt: View of smart buttons focusing on repair button

.. note::
   If a user creates a repair order from a Helpdesk ticket, they will be able to access
   it through the ticket's Smart Button, or from the link in the chatter, even if they do not have
   access rights to the Repair application.

Create a Field Service task from a ticket
=========================================

> On-site interventions can be planned from a ticket and managed through the **Field Service**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
On-site interventions can be planned from a ticket and managed through the :guilabel:`Field Service`
```

application. Customers with portal access will be able to track the progress of a Field Services
task just as they would a Helpdesk ticket.

On the ticket's page click on :guilabel:`Create Task`. Confirm the
:guilabel:`Field Service Project` and :guilabel:`Worksheet Template` then click
:guilabel:`Create Task`. A new task will be created within the designated
:guilabel:`Field Service` project.

.. image:: after_sales/aftersales_fieldservice_create.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of a Field Service creation page

A :guilabel:`Sales Order Item` can be added at this time, if one was not identified on the original
ticket.

.. important::
   The :guilabel:`Sales Order Item` is used to determine where time spent on this task will be
   invoiced. Removing the :guilabel:`Sales Order Item` makes the task non-billable.

> A smart button will be added to the Helpdesk ticket, linking the **Field Service** task.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A smart button will be added to the Helpdesk ticket, linking the :guilabel:`Field Service` task.
```
